{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. Plotted graphs using matrixImage.R as suggested by Steve last time we met. Graphs do seem more legible, and the contours are less cluttered.\
2. Plotted the ratio of the meristem constraint to resource constraint. The plot is the end of season fitness after relaxing m1 divided by the end of season fitness after relaxing alpha. So if the value is 1, the increase or change in fitness is equal. If the value is greater than 1, the increase in fitness for relaxing the meristem constraint (m1) is greater than the effect of relaxing the resource constraint. If the value is less than 1, the increase in fitness for relaxing the meristem constraint is less than the effect of relaxing the resource constraint. The plot we\'92re looking at shows that the effect of relaxing the meristem constraint is greater than relaxing the resource constraint when (m<alpha).\
3. In terms of interpretation:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}The parameter alpha: # divisions per unit biomass\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}The parameter m1: # divisions per meristem\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
I\'92m not sure how to interpret these parameters in terms of continuous time. I have 2 papers (Monica\'92s and another one from the 1980s) that counted the number of vegetative and reproductive modules at regular intervals. I can extract the data from those papers and calculate the number of vegetative and reproductive meristems at each week, and the change between successive points in time. \
}